hey there I'm God knows Paul senior here
at his pants size 2013 day 2 has started
off with a series of seminars that
showcase current trends of our Latino
community in today's on-the-go lifestyle
industries are colliding and finding
their voice through hashtags tagging
blogging logging and more make sure not
to miss another moment for day 3 will be
magical remember to wear all white
because it's a tied white party and you
want to make sure to join in on all the
fun you won't want to miss the major
music concert series starring Santa
Cecilia local sport wanna in San
soulless and pandora is going to rock
the house at the New World Center with
Jesse and joy AT&T coca-cola and General
Motors the events keep rolling on with
the Atalanta movement showcasing Latino
legends like Rita Moreno and shadow and
if you're a movie buff this is for you
the most buzzed-about latino film
documentary of the year los Wild Ones
will be screening senior way the knology
getting on internet and go worldwide I'm
is great targus that's so happy with
target what they're doing because that's
really celebrating our culture
celebrating Latinos and you know and
it's a great time to be Latino this is a
collaboration between Amelia estevan
target and monster and monsters part is
that we've always been passionate about
music we designed the beats by dr. dre
to really provide consumers the best
listening experiences attention is
fantasize attendees it's your turn to be
a part of our social media caster
contest post a video recap of your
experience that has fantasized on our
Facebook page and in your own words
recap you're Hispanic eyes 2013
experience be creative use your style we
will be choosing our favorite recap
video at the end of his fantasize and
our winner will be getting a special
prize from PNG's job
hasta esta valued at three hundred and
fifty dollars stay on top of our social
media announcements for more updates for
marketers journalists bloggers global
brands and more his fantasize 2013
continues to pave the way for
multicultural media make sure the
network follow us on Twitter Facebook
grab a drink by the pool download and
span Assize app and not necessarily in
that order until tomorrow I'm Anthony
ocampo you're his fantasies insider his
fantasized 2013